hello friends other teams youtube
rules this video will show you how
download marvel against camps with good
The first thing you have to do is a
browser put in the description les
I will leave two already if one does not work the
another one can work good copy the of
mega
come up here
after this page they ignore the
announcement are the wait 5 seconds
please wait
and read jump advertising
then send them on the mega page
and from this red button automatically
you scale something by looking at it because I
I have to on the desk
and here are those who right click
to be here
they will get a folder with the name
open by clicking on start points
they do not give him the game
open
they give him here that is bad against the field
and ready and tim your game this is like
maquinitas to put the coins
He pressed at 3
they listen
is heard when in fact the currency and
1 is to be
already welcome and continue to play with another friend
every time you can from 4
the 2 on 2 and the other friend moves the
willis
I do not know the buttons are confusing but not
more months of 1
control one more or less why
I think and they are not very our
I say I'm new to this
I choose to choose between normal girls
and to choose it to move the visits
to choose it is like x
good with being normal seems to be
at each color change
almost almost the buttons are the wing is the
of accepting the x the c all these are the
buttons
and it's all
good here you like this video of the
little hand above for new videos
honestly it is that it exceeds my covers
and on facebook is double w
facebook.com diagonal meta tim good
here is pirate and rolls to god